 Joshiraku (TV 2012) - MyAnimeList.net MyAnimeList.net Hide Ads Login Sign Up All Anime Manga Characters People Companies Manga Store News Featured Articles Forum Clubs Users View all results for ${ keyword } Anime Anime Search Top Anime Seasonal Anime Videos Reviews Recommendations 2026 Challenge Fantasy Anime League Manga Manga Search Top Manga Adapted to Anime Manga Store Reviews Recommendations 2026 Challenge Community Interest Stacks Forums Clubs Blogs Users Industry News Featured Articles People Characters Companies MAL×Japan Watch Episode Videos Anime Trailers Read Manga Store Help About Support Advertising FAQ Report Staff MAL Supporter Joshiraku Edit What would you like to edit? Synopsis Background Alternative Titles Picture Airing Dates Producers Relations Rating Duration Source External Links Broadcast Add to My List Status: Watching Completed On-Hold Dropped Plan to Watch Eps Seen: / 13 Your Score: Select (10) Masterpiece (9) Great (8) Very Good (7) Good (6) Fine (5) Average (4) Bad (3) Very Bad (2) Horrible (1) Appalling Add Detailed Info Add to Favorites Alternative Titles Synonyms: Rakugo Girls Japanese: じょしらく English: Joshiraku More titles Information Type: TV Episodes: 13 Status: Finished Airing Aired: Jul 6, 2012 to Sep 28, 2012 Premiered: Summer 2012 Broadcast: Fridays at 02:25 (JST) Producers: Starchild Records , Mainichi Broadcasting System , Kodansha , KlockWorx Licensors: Maiden Japan Studios: J.C.Staff Source: Manga Genre: Comedy Comedy Themes: Adult Cast Adult Cast , Gag Humor Gag Humor , Parody Parody , Performing Arts Performing Arts Demographic: Shounen Shounen Duration: 24 min. per ep. Rating: PG-13 - Teens 13 or older Statistics Score: 7.44 1 (scored by 52306 52,306 users) 1 indicates a weighted score . Ranked: #2439 2 2 based on the top anime page. Please note that 'Not yet aired' and 'R18+' titles are excluded. Popularity: #1448 Members: 194,162 Favorites: 786 Available At Official Site Resources AniDB ANN Wikipedia Syoboi More links Streaming Platforms HIDIVE May be unavailable in your region. Details Characters & Staff Episodes Videos Stats Reviews Recommendations Interest Stacks News Forum Clubs Pictures Top &gt; Anime &gt; Joshiraku 7.44 Ranked #2439 Popularity #1448 Members 194,162 Summer 2012 TV J.C.Staff Add to My List Watching Completed Plan to Watch Select (10) Masterpiece (9) Great (8) Very Good (7) Good (6) Fine (5) Average (4) Bad (3) Very Bad (2) Horrible (1) Appalling Episodes: / 13 CM 3 play More videos Edit Synopsis Joshiraku follows the conversations of five rakugo storyteller girls relating the odd things that happen to them each day. Their comedic and satirical chatting covers all kinds of topics, from pointless observations of everyday life, to politics, manga, and more. Each girl has something new to add to the discussion, and the discourse never ends in the same place it began. Each of the rakugo girls has their own unique personality, with the energetic but immature Marii Buratei; the seemingly cute Kigurumi Haroukitei; the inherently lucky and carefree Tetora Bouhatei; the calm and violent Gankyou Kuurubiyuutei; and the pessimistic and unstable Kukuru Anrakutei. These girls&mdash;and their mysterious friend in a wrestling mask&mdash;give their observations to the audience, either backstage at the rakugo theater or in various famous locations around Tokyo. [Written by MAL Rewrite] Edit Related Entries Sequel (OVA) Joshiraku OVA Adaptation (Manga) Joshiraku Visit MALxJapan MALxJapan -More than just anime- MyAnimeList x Honeyfeed Writing Contest 2026 - THE HEROIC FANTASY Watch &quot;ConBiz!&quot; ー a new Japanese business entertainment program MyAnimeList x Honeyfeed Writing Contest 2026 - NOVELOUS Worlds More characters Characters & Voice Actors Anrakutei, Kukuru Main Gotou, Saori Japanese Buratei, Marii Main Sakura, Ayane Japanese Kuurubiyuutei, Gankyou Main Nanjou, Yoshino Japanese Haroukitei, Kigurumi Main Koiwai, Kotori Japanese Bouhatei, Tetora Main Yamamoto, Nozomi Japanese Mask Supporting Yuuki, Aoi Japanese Old Woman 3 Supporting Sugiura, Keiko Japanese Uzatei, Uzannu Supporting Shintani, Ryouko Japanese Bald Fatty Supporting Takeda, Kouji Japanese Association&#039;s Woman Supporting Saitou, Kimiko Japanese More staff Staff Maruyama, Hiroo Producer Matsukura, Yuuji Producer Miyamoto, Junnosuke Producer Tateishi, Kensuke Producer Edit Opening Theme Preview Spotify Apple Music Amazon Music Youtube Music "Oato ga Yoroshikutte... yo! (お後がよろしくって…よ!)" by Tetora Bouhatei (Nozomi Yamamoto), Marii Buratei (Ayane Sakura), Gankyou Kuurubiyuutei (Yoshino Nanjo), Kigurumi Haroukitei (Kotori Koiwai), Kukuru Anrakutei (Saori Gotou) Edit Ending Theme "Nippon Egao Hyakkei (ニッポン笑顔百景)" by Momokurotei Ichimon (桃黒亭一門) Reviews Write review 34 Recommended 4 Mixed Feelings 2 Not Recommended All reviews ( 40 ) Oct 30, 2012 Win_Zero Recommended So, here I go with my first review. Joshiraku is not the typical moe anime due to the fact that it was created by Kohji Kumeta. For those who are not aware of Kohji Kumeta, he is the person behind Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei. This work is different from SZS because the girls of Joshiraku are just cute rakugo girls, unlike the students at SZS, where everyone has a certain disorder, if you can put it in that way. There is this notion hanging above my head once I watch Joshiraku: &quot;This anime is full of ordinary dialogue so that the viewers can fully enjoy how cute the ... girls are.&quot; In fact, that sentence can summarize how many people would view the anime, but the hidden genius of the anime lies in the dialogues. A hodge-podge of references, parodies, and comic reliefs have given Joshiraku the atmosphere of watching Lucky Star blended into SZS. Be warned though, many of the puns are Japanese references, so if you&#039;re watching a subbed episode, go for gg Fansubs, for they have translation notes (you can just google it). Story: 8/10 What is the Story? A typical person may ask after taking a glimpse at Joshiraku. As I stated earlier, Joshiraku is about five rakugo girls discussing random topics, which typically drifts away until the original topic is buried. Though, this must not deter you from watching it, for it is hilarious nonetheless. Art & Sound: 7/10 J.C. Staff has somewhat neglected it, though it should be noted that they&#039;re putting a lot of effort in Little Busters! ( three episodes of LB has been released as of the time of writing of this review), but the art used in the anime is quite similar to the manga. As for the sound, I find it lacking in the way that it needs more than just dialogue and background noise. Overall, I have no major criticism of the Art and Sound. Characters: 9/10 The standout character for me is Kukuru. Even though the rest have those moments of brilliance, I feel that Kukuru&#039;s dark humor and paranoia has twisted the series in a way that it is genuinely enjoyable. Some characters which appeared only as a part of parody can only be described as awesome. Case in point, in episode five, where there is a parody of Japan&#039;s former PM. Also, the way that the characters bash their own producers is brilliant, like how Marii made a pun about J.C. Staff and their rivals (KyoAni). So, another work of Kohji Kumeta gave me the sense of humor not usually found in many comedy-themed anime. For those who enjoyed Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei, don&#039;t worry about the overall appearance, for it still has the great humor found in a work of Kohji Kumeta. Also, this is a must-watch for those who are looking for anime which reflects the dark and humorous side of life. Reviewer’s Rating: 9 What did you think of this review? Nice 0 Love it 0 Funny 0 Confusing 0 Informative 0 Well-written 0 Creative 0 More reviews by Win_Zero ( 1 ) Show all Read more Show less Open Gift Report Sep 17, 2023 RESOLVING_POWER Mixed Feelings I watched Joshiraku (including the OVA). Here are my thoughts: Having somewhat recently completed Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu, I thought it would be interesting to watch Joshiraku with the memory of it fresh in my mind. However, I quickly realized that the two shows are completely different. Joshiraku is a comedy and consists of short skits. The main characters are rakugo performers, although rakugo itself is not a major aspect of the anime. The rakugo theater (usually backstage) is only a setting for the various comedic skits (which are usually unrelated to rakugo). So, don&#039;t be like me and expect this to be a rakugo-themed show. ... This anime is clever and amusing, but not really laugh-out-loud funny. There is a lot of clever wordplay. It often breaks the 4th wall; it is a very &#039;self-aware&#039; show. Occasionally it felt boring; some skits can feel a little drawn out, and the pacing of the skits is slightly sluggish at times. I could tell that some of the jokes were too Japanese even for my weeb ass. There were seemingly obscure references to Japanese culture, history, politics, geography, etc… In terms of audiovisuals, this anime is unremarkable at best. The visuals are adequate, and provide demonstrations of the jokes when necessary. The voice acting is similarly adequate. The OST is unremarkable and fairly inconsequential due to the dialogue-heavy nature of the show. My personal overall rating: 6/10 Most episodes got some chuckles out of me, but it was never gut-bustingly hilarious or anything like that — just moderately amusing. I enjoyed how clever a lot of the jokes were. If you like puns, clever wordplay and Japanese cultural references, then this is the comedy anime for you. It is a very Japanese show in that there are frequent references to Japanese culture in some form — anything from politicians to pop culture to kanji readings to traditional folklore. The cultural references have a lot of breadth. Receptiveness to this will likely vary a lot among viewers. A casual anime viewer probably won&#039;t be amused by puns about train station names (or something equally cul
