 Nanairo Reincarnation | vndb the visual novel database Menu v15473 relations releases discussions (12) history Support VNDB Patreon SubscribeStar Menu Home Visual novels > Tags Releases Producers Staff Characters > Traits Users Recent changes Discussion board FAQ Random visual novel API - Dumps - Query User menu Login Register Database Statistics Visual Novels 64688 > Tags 3014 Releases 152748 Producers 29319 Staff 52864 Characters 166893 > Traits 3327 Report an issue on this page. Nanairo Reincarnation なないろリンカネーション Safe / Tame (14) 7 covers + 1 package artwork Titles なないろリンカネーション Nanairo Reincarnation Nanairo Reincarnation 七色轮回 Qise Lunhui Aliases ななリン, nanarin Play time Medium (21h 20m from 87 votes ) Developer SILKY'S PLUS WASABI &amp; SILKY'S PLUS ALPHA Publishers SILKY'S PLUS &amp; Red Flagship Co.,Ltd. &amp; Dir-A Denpasoft &amp; Sekai Project &amp; kataneer asiualel translation Dir-A &amp; Meng Nimei Hanhuazu MinoriTeam Relations Shares characters Akeiro Kaikitan Same setting Kimagure Temptation Links Wikipedia (ja) , Wikidata , MobyGames , HowLongToBeat , IGDB , PCGamingWiki , Lutris Description Kagami Makoto is in his 3rd year of college when he inherits the estate of his late grandfather and starts planning out what he's going to do with his newfound home. However, his plans are foiled when his childhood friend Iyo, who turns out to be a zashiki-warashi, introduces herself, looking exactly the same as he remembers her from over a decade ago. Then, a woman named Kikyou, who claims to be a demon, also appears before him. After that, it isn't long before a pretty detective at the police department comes knocking on his door, imploring him to take up his family's duty of helping wandering spirits pass on to the afterlife and assist the police with any and all supernatural crimes reported in town. But when a case that's bigger than any of them ever imagined comes his way, will he be able to handle it? With the power of clairvoyance, an ability passed down through his family that allows him to see spirits, maybe he and his demon familiars can pull through, and he can be a proper successor to his family's legacy. [From Steam ] content sexual content technical hide spoilers show minor spoilers spoil me! summary all Single Blowjob 3.0 Central Heroine S 2.8 Ghost S 2.8 Ghost Heroine S 2.8 Only Virgin Heroines 2.8 Multiple Endings 2.7 Ending Scene Recollection 2.7 Defloration During Common Route 2.7 Sex Under the Necessity 2.7 Romance 2.6 Male Protagonist 2.5 ADV 2.5 High School Student Heroine 2.5 Oni Heroine 2.5 Under the Same Roof 2.5 Early Sexual Content 2.4 Murder Mystery S 2.4 Protagonist with a Face 2.4 Comedy 2.4 Asian-style Manor 2.3 Defloration 2.3 Normal Scene Recollection 2.3 Straight Lolicon 2.3 Adult Heroine 2.3 University Student Protagonist 2.3 Police Officer Heroine 2.2 Threesome Ending S 2.2 Long Common Route 2.2 Naked Sprites 2.2 Drama 2.2 ESP 2.2 University Student Heroine 2.2 Youkai Heroine 2.1 Branching Plot 2.0 Comedic Love Triangle 2.0 Cowgirl 2.0 Cunnilingus 2.0 Doggy Style 2.0 Food Discussions 2.0 Gamer Heroine 2.0 Heroine with Big Breasts 2.0 Jealousy 2.0 Jump to Next Choice 2.0 Life and Death Drama S 2.0 Missionary Position 2.0 Parting Ending S 2.0 Quickie Fix Position 2.0 Sex with Protagonist Only 2.0 Single Boobjob 2.0 Sitting Sex 2.0 Sixty-nine 2.0 Slice of Life 2.0 Protagonist's Ex as a Heroine S 1.9 Heroine with Gothic Look 1.9 Heroine with Beauty Mark 1.8 Protagonist's Childhood Friend as a Heroine 1.8 Date Display 1.8 Detective Work 1.8 Loli Heroine 1.7 Reincarnation S 1.7 Co-worker Heroine 1.7 Nekomimi Heroine 1.7 Group Sex of One Male and Several Females 1.6 Bloody Scenes S 1.6 Summer 1.6 Nakige S 1.5 Perverted Heroine 1.5 Sexual Content 1.3 Drunk Sex 1.3 Gore S 1.2 Student Heroine 1.1 Horror S 1.1 High Sexual Content 1.1 Bathroom Sex 1.0 Condoms 1.0 Possession S 1.0 Pregnancy S 1.0 Sex in Public Places S 1.0 Single Handjob 1.0 Spoons 1.0 Triple Blowjob 1.0 Used Condoms Exposition 1.0 Vaginal Masturbation 1.0 Wake-up Sex 1.0 Kemonomimi Heroine 0.8 Resurrection S 0.5 Voyeurism 0.2 main covers (8) tags characters (13) reviews (20) quotes (2) Hide spoilers Show minor spoilers Spoil me! | Show sexual traits Protagonist Safe / Tame (15) Kagami Makoto 加賀見 真 Alias Mako-chan Hair Brown , Short , Spiky Bangs , Straight Eyes Garnet , Hosome Body Pale , Slim , Young-adult Clothes Formal Shirt , Necktie , Shorts , Suit , Trousers , T-shirt Personality Altruistic , Curious , Friendly , Hard Worker , Kind , Ore , Proactive , Relaxed Role Childhood Friend , Domestic Partner , Ex-boyfriend , Grandson , Head of Household , Master , Psychic , Son , Tsukkomi , University Student Engages in Drinking , Investigation , Teasing Subject of Teasing Description Kagami Makoto is in his 3rd year of college when he inherits the estate of his late grandfather and starts planning out what he's going to do with his newfound home. Main characters Safe / Tame (14) Aoi 葵 Hair Hair Beads , Multicolored , Pink , Straight , Twin Tails , V Bangs , Violet , Waist Length+ Eyes Amber , Tsurime Body Fang , Furry Tail , Kemonomimi , Pale , Slim , Small Breasts , Teen Clothes Kimono Jacket , Kimono Mini Skirt , Tabi , T-shirt , Zouri Personality Atashi , Deredere , Energetic , Food Lover , Honest , Lazy , Loyal , Mischievous , Pervert , Protective , Selfish , Sharp-tongued , Talkative Role Oni , Psychometrist Engages in Investigation Subject of Nymphomania Voiced by Kobayashi Maki (PSV) Oukawa Mio Description The first demon created by Makoto. Her cat ears and tail are unique to her, presumably formed due to Makoto's odd tastes. She was born with the ability to read memories of both people and objects, which is of great help when hunting down clues to crack cases. The only problem with her is that she's a real firecracker, and rather feisty, so she often brings a whole bundle of problems with her. [From Steam ] Safe / Tame (14) Fushimi Azusa 伏見 梓 Hair Black , Bob Cut , Curtained , No Bangs , Shoulder-length , Straight Eyes Tareme , Teal Body Big Breasts , Pale , Slim , Young-adult Clothes Court Shoes , Skirt Suit , Suit Personality Carefree , Emotional , Friendly , Hard Worker , Kind , Moody , Stubborn , Watashi Role Coworker , Detective , Police Engages in Drinking , Flirting , Investigation , Seduction Voiced by Kawashima Rino Mizusawa Kei (PSV) Description A newly promoted detective who Makoto meets due to his new role as head of the Kagami family. The Kagamis have been working with the police for generations, receiving rewards for helping them close cases. Azusa works for the 13th Division, a branch that specifically deals with supernatural cases, and only began believing in ghosts upon meeting Makoto. Initially thinking she was sent off to a dead branch due to her lack of faith in the paranormal, she now lends her keen insight to the goal of helping wandering spirits move on to the afterlife. [From Steam ] Safe / Tame (14) Fuyou 芙蓉 Hair Blunt Bangs , Short , Short Hime Cut , Straight , Violet Eyes Tsurime , Violet Body Big Breasts , Horns , Pale , Slim , Young-adult Clothes Hair Flower , Kimono , Tabi , Zouri Personality Deredere , Friendly , Hard Worker , Jealous , Keigo , Loyal , Refined , Watakushi Role Housekeeper , Oni , Servant , Yamato Nadeshiko Engages in Cooking , Investigation , Teasing Subject of Nymphomania Voiced by Koyama Sahomi (PSV) Misonoo Mei Description The second demon created by Makoto. Curiously, both her appearance and personality matches Kikyou's, perhaps due to how much she means to Makoto. She knows how to do any and all housework and is the only one of his demons who can be seen by an average person without a sixth sense, which makes chores like shopping a cinch. However, due to that, she has no special abilities whatsoever. Of course, because she looks like Kikyou, seeing her angry is... quite a sight. [From Steam ] Safe / Tame (15) Hijikata Yumi 土方 由美 Hair Asymmetrical Sidehair , Black , Long , Parted to Side , Ponytail , Straight Eyes Amber Body Big Breasts , Mole , Pale , Slim , Young-adult Clothes Ankle-Strap Shoes , Decorative Belt , Glasses , Hair Tie , Pantyhose , Pendant Necklace , Short Shorts , Turtleneck Tank Top , Waitstaff Uniform Personality Cautious , Deredere , Jealous , Sensitive , Serious , Taciturn , Timid , Watashi Role Part-time Worker , University Student , Waitstaff Engages in Cooking Subject of Teasing Voiced by Hoshizaki Iria Sakuno Airi (PSV) Description A junior who attends the same university as Makoto, although their long-standing relationship stretches much further past that. Unfortunately, the two of them are rather distant and awkward around each other at present because of certain circumstances... Yumi appears very bold and headstrong at a glance, but is actually quite shy and a bit of a late bloomer, even coming off as stiff and cold to the customers at the cafe where she works part-time. She completely lacks any kind of sixth sense, which means she views the world in a different light from Makoto. Still, despite everything, she desperately wishes to improve her relationship with him. [From Steam ] Safe / Tame (15) Iris アイリス Hair Blunt Bangs , Grey , Ringlet , Twin Tails , Wavy Eyes Amber , Tsurime Body Horns , Kid , Pale , Slim , Small Breasts Clothes Animal Pajamas , Gothic , Kemonomimi Hood , Knee-high Socks , Lolita Hairband , Mary Jane Items Stuffed Toy Personality Deredere , Emotional , Hard Worker , Kind , Loyal , Protective , Shy , Taciturn , Third Person , Timid Role Oni , Telepath Engages in Investigation , Ventriloquism Subject of Teasing Voiced by Fujisaki Usa Ousaki Chiyo (PSV) Description The third demon created by Makoto. Unlike the other demons, she wears western clothing and always carries around a stuffed toy named Axy. Iris is a telepath, a fact that allows her to link the minds of Makoto and all of his demons in order for them to communicate more easily regardless of distance. However, precisely due to those powers, she has trouble speaking directly to people, so she stutters and stammers quite often in person. [From Steam ] Safe / Tame (15) Iyo 伊予 Hair Blond , Blunt Bangs , Long , Sidehair , Straight Eyes Violet Body Flat Chest , Kid , Pale , Slim , Younger Appearance Clothes Kimono Minidress , Tracksuit , Zouri Items Gaming Console Personality Closet Pervert , Food Lover , Funny , Grumbler , Insightful , Lazy , Loyal , Mischievous , Money Lover , Nanoja , Otaku , Protective , Puffy , Sharp-tongued , Short-tempered , Smart , Watashi , Wise Role Childhood Friend , Gamer , NEET , Zashiki-Warashi Engages in Sarcasm , Teasing Subject of Teasing Voiced by Kashiwagi Miyuu (PSV) Mamiya Yuzu Description Though her outward appearance is that of an innocent young girl, she's actually an ancient zashiki-warashi. Iyo supports Makoto with her vast reserves of knowledge, a fact that is not lost upon the inexperienced young head of the Kagami family. As a zashiki-warashi, she supposedly brings fortune to everyone who resides in the same house as her, but her twisted personality and tendency to tease others makes that hard to believe. Iyo is a hardcore gamer and seems to stay in her room, on her computer, at all times unless there's food on the table. She mainly prefers online games too, where her dominant personality is fully unleashed. [From Steam ] Safe / Tame (14) Takigawa Kotori 滝川 琴莉 Hair Brown , Long , Straight , Twin Tails , V Bangs Eyes Green , Tareme Body Medium Breasts , Pale , Slim , Teen Clothes Knee-high Socks , Loafers , Necktie , Pajamas , Pinafore Dress , Ribbon Hair Wrap , School Uniform Personality Airhead , Brave , Carefree , Cheerful , Curious , Deredere , Energetic , Flustered , Friendly , Funny , Naive , Optimist , Protective , Puffy , Talkative , Watashi Role Daughter , High School Student Subject of Teasing Voiced by Akino Hana Asami Hotori (PSV) Description A girl who attends a school close to Makoto's house, who chooses to become his assistant after he helps her out of a rough situation. She has an unnaturally strong sixth sense, which allows her to see ghosts, though her abilities are still flawed compared to Makoto's. However, she can sense spirits near her, which is an ability that is wholly her own. Kotori is a bright, cheerful individual with a smile that never fades, but is sometimes so straightforward that she confuses those around her. She sees Makoto as an older brother of sorts and is constantly concerned about his safety. [From Steam ] Side character Safe / Tame (14) Kikyou 桔梗 Hair Blunt Bangs , Bun , Long , Sidehair , Straight , Violet Eyes Tsurime , Violet Body Adult , Big Breasts , Horns , Pale , Slim Clothes Kanzashi , Mofuku , Tabi , Zouri Personality Deredere , Keigo , Kind , Loyal , Mature , Protective , Refined , Relaxed , Strict , Watakushi Role Oni , Servant , Yamato Nadeshiko Engages in Cooking Voiced by Koyama Sahomi (PSV) Misonoo Mei Description Kikyou is a demon who was conjured by Makoto's grandfather, the previous head of the family. Normally, a demon always accompanies her master into the afterlife, but Kikyou somehow remained behind in order to support Makoto. Demons are invisible to the naked eye and possess powers beyond human comprehension, but neither of those applies to her. Generally, she appears calm, kind and reserved, looking exactly like an ordinary person, but when she gets mad... [From Steam ] 2.30-165 | privacy &amp; content policy | about us | security | advertising | contact@vndb.org 