 Joy of Life (TV series) - Wikipedia Jump to content Main menu Main menu move to sidebar hide Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Special pages Search Search Appearance Donate Create account Log in Personal tools Donate Create account Log in Contents move to sidebar hide (Top) 1 Plot 2 Cast Toggle Cast subsection 2.1 Main 2.2 Supporting 2.2.1 Southern Qing Empire 2.2.1.1 Imperial palace 2.2.1.2 Imperial court 2.2.1.3 Inspection and Control Bureau 2.2.1.4 Fan's family and household 2.2.1.5 Others 2.2.2 Northern Qi Empire 3 Production Toggle Production subsection 3.1 Filming locations 4 Soundtrack Toggle Soundtrack subsection 4.1 Season 1 4.2 Season 2 5 Reception 6 Awards and nominations 7 International broadcast 8 References 9 External links Toggle the table of contents Joy of Life (TV series) 10 languages فارسی Magyar Bahasa Indonesia 日本語 한국어 ไทย Українська 吴语 粵語 中文 Edit links Article Talk English Read Edit View history Tools Tools move to sidebar hide Actions Read Edit View history General What links here Related changes Upload file Permanent link Page information Cite this page Get shortened URL Switch to legacy parser Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikidata item Appearance move to sidebar hide From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 2019 Chinese television series Joy of Life Also known as Celebrating an Affluent Year Traditional Chinese 慶 餘年 Simplified Chinese 庆余年 Hanyu Pinyin Qìng Yúnián Genre Historical fiction Political Romance Based on Qing Yu Nian by Mao Ni Written by Wang Juan Directed by Sun Hao Starring Zhang Ruoyun Li Qin Chen Daoming Opening theme "One Life One Thought" by Li Jian Ending theme "Remaining Years" by Xiao Zhan Country of origin China Original language Mandarin Number&lt;/span>"}]]}'>No. of seasons 2 Number&lt;/span>"}]]}'>No. of episodes 82 Production Executive producer Chen Yingjie Production locations Hengdian World Studios Duyun Editor Zhang Jia Camera setup Multiple-camera setup Running time 40-45 minutes Production companies Tencent Pictures New Classics Media China Literature Azure Media Corporation Huayu Shidai Hainan Television Original release Network Tencent Video iQiyi Release November 26, 2019 ( 2019-11-26 ) – present Joy of Life ( Chinese : 庆余年 ; pinyin : Qìng Yúnián ), also known as Thankful for the Remaining Years , is a 2019 Chinese television series that is based on the novel Qing Yunian ( 庆余年 ) by Mao Ni . [ 1 ] It stars Zhang Ruoyun , Li Qin and Chen Daoming . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] The series premiered on Tencent Video and iQiyi on November 26, 2019. [ 5 ] It garnered high viewership and mostly positive reviews, and won two awards at the Shanghai Television Festival , including Best Adapted Screenplay. [ 6 ] Series 1 and 2 are currently available via Rakuten Viki . [ 7 ] Series 3 has not yet been filmed but was announced to air in 2026. [ 8 ] Plot [ edit ] Season 1 Fan Xian is born in the ancient empire of Southern Qing with memories of the 21st century. He is raised by his grandmother in the rural town, Danzhou as the illegitimate son of the Minister of Finance. His mother, Ye Qingmei was once a celebrated inventor who founded the Inspection and Control Bureau, the country's spy network and the Royal Treasury but was killed shortly after her son was born. Fan Xian has been protected since birth by a blind martial arts expert, Wu Zhu, his mother's bodyguard. He learns martial arts and the art of poison as a child, also assisted by his knowledge from the 21st century. After an assassination attempt, he decides to venture into the capital to find out more about his mysterious mother and why anyone would want to kill him, as he perceives himself to be an unimportant person. He also wants to know why he has memories of an obviously different era. In the capital, he accidentally meets Lin Wan'er, the sickly, illegitimate daughter of the
